Creates issue templates (#75)
massalabs/massa-sc-toolkit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report to report a bug and help us to improve sc-toolkit
title: ''
labels: 'issue:bug'
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**

Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

> **Thyra version**
> The version of Thyra the bug is present in.
> 
> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
>  - OS: [e.g. MacOS, Windows...]
>  - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Versions**
The versions of software and packages the bug in present in (massa-as-sdk, toolkit, Thyra, web browser...)
```
